README.md, before:

# Reducing the Complexity of Deep Learning Models for Medical Applications in Resource-limited Contexts: A Use Case


This repository contains the code to:

- Compress the deep neural network PathoNet [1] using different quantization strategies (i.e. CWS, PWS, UQ, ECSQ) [2];

- Reproduce the experiments comparing the original PathoNet model with our compressed models, which are described in detail in a paper submitted to the journal "Computers in Biology and Medicine" [3];

- A Jupyter notebook showing (I) how to create and load compressed models using the "Index Map"  method [4] and (II) how to compute the compression ratios and time ratios for a given quantized network.


Moreover, we provide our best compressed PathoNet models using *k*=256 which can be exploited by an interested user having limited computational resources available.

## Getting started

### Requirements and installation

* Install `python3`, `python3-pip` and `python3-venv`.
* Make sure that `python --version` starts by 3 or execute `alias python='python3'` in the shell.
* Create a virtual environment and activate it: 

  ```
  python3 -m venv /path/to/new/virtual/environment
  source /path/to/new/virtual/environment/bin/activate
  ```

  If you want to activate the environment easily, you can add a permanent 
  alias to your `.bashrc`:
  
  ```
  # open file .bashrc
  gedit ~/.bashrc
  ```

  Add the alias `alias patho="source /path/to/new/virtual/environment/bin/activate"` at the end of the file to be able to activate the environment by simply typing `patho`.
  
* Activate the environment typing `patho`.

* Install the [package sHAM](https://github.com/AnacletoLAB/sHAM), which contains the implementation of the considered quantization strategies:

  ```
  git clone https://github.com/AnacletoLAB/sHAM.git
  cd sHAM
  pip install ./sHAM_package
  ```

* With the environment active, clone this repository in the indicated position inside the sHAM package and install the required depedencies:

  ```
  cd ./experiments/performance_eval
  git clone https://github.com/GliozzoJ/pathonet_compression.git
  cd pathonet_compression
  pip3 install -r ./requirements.txt
  ```

  The set of suggested dependencies, and in general all the code, have been tested with Python 3.6.8 on Ubuntu 18.10 (Cosmic Cuttlefish) OS.


### Dataset

The dataset SHIDC-B-Ki-67-V1.0 can be requested to the authors of PathoNet [here](https://shiraz-hidc.com/service/ki-67-dataset/).

Once you have the dataset, please copy its content in the folder `SHIDC-B-Ki-67`. The content of this folder should look like this:

```
ls ./SHIDC-B-Ki-67/
notes.txt
Test
Train
```

### PathoNet pre-trained model (not compressed)

The PathoNet pre-trained model (not compressed) is available in the folder `original_nets` or it can be downloaded from the original [PathoNet github repository](https://github.com/SHIDCenter/PathoNet/blob/master/README.md#pretrained-models) using this [Google Drive link](https://drive.google.com/file/d/13M6WpBsY_XtIKev_A6EK_Cj2LuBySM3K/view). In the latter case, please copy the downloaded model in the folder `original_nets`.


### Quantized PathoNet models (*k*=256)

In the folder `./pathonet_compressed_models/experiments/`, we provide our PathoNet quantized models using a number of representatives equal to 256, which showed good perfomance in terms of generalization metrics, compression and time ratios (see paper [3] for further details).


## Code usage

### Create the validation set

Run the following command to create the validation set used in our experiments by randomly selecting 20% of the labeled images from the training data available in the SHIDC-B-Ki-76 (version 1.0) dataset:

```
python3 split_train_val.py --inputPath ./SHIDC-B-Ki-67 --outputPath ./preprocessed_data
```

The newly created training and validation sets are saved in the folder `./preprocessed_data`. 

### Data preprocessing

To run the data preprocessing which performs data augmentation on the training set and the density maps (Gaussian labels) for training, validation and test data, call:

```
mkdir ./preprocessed_data/Train
python3 ./PathoNet/preprocessing.py -i ./preprocessed_data/train_split -o ./preprocessed_data/Train -a True

mkdir ./preprocessed_data/Val
python3 ./PathoNet/preprocessing.py -i ./preprocessed_data/val_split -o ./preprocessed_data/Val -a False

mkdir ./preprocessed_data/Test
python3 ./PathoNet/preprocessing.py -i ./SHIDC-B-Ki-67/Test -o ./preprocessed_data/Test -a False
```

### Run quantization on PathoNet pre-trained model

The function `compression.py` performs the quantization and retraining of the PathoNet pre-trained model given as input. To show the help for the function:

```
python3 compression.py --help
``` 


Following some examples performing the quantization of PathoNet using different approaches (i.e. CWS, PWS, UQ and ECSQ):

```
# CWS
python3 compression.py --compression uCWS --net ./original_nets/PathoNet.hdf5 --data_path ./preprocessed_data --output_path ./pathonet_compressed_models/results --minibatch 8 --clustercnn 256 

# PWS
python3 compression.py --compression uPWS --net ./original_nets/PathoNet.hdf5 --data_path ./preprocessed_data --output_path ./pathonet_compressed_models/results --minibatch 8 --clustercnn 256

# UQ
python3 compression.py --compression uUQ --net ./original_nets/PathoNet.hdf5 --data_path ./preprocessed_data --output_path ./pathonet_compressed_models/results --minibatch 8 --clustercnn 256

# ECSQ
python3 compression.py --compression uECSQ --net ./original_nets/PathoNet.hdf5 --data_path ./preprocessed_data --output_path ./pathonet_compressed_models/results --minibatch 8 --clustercnn 256

```

### Reproduce our results 

To reproduce our results we provide the following scripts/functions:


1. **pathonet_compressed_k256.py**

	This script performs the quantization of the PathoNet model using the hyper-parameters set at [line 46](https://github.com/GliozzoJ/pathonet_compression/blob/284d503da1bb7fe6cae6bf5247c94ed05422a9d2/pathonet_compressed_k256.py#L46). We used this script to quantize a model with *k=256* and the best hyper-parameters previously obtained by grid search. By default, the hyper-parameters used in the experiment with quantization method UQ are set, but you can uncomment lines [50](https://github.com/GliozzoJ/pathonet_compression/blob/284d503da1bb7fe6cae6bf5247c94ed05422a9d2/pathonet_compressed_k256.py#L50), [55](https://github.com/GliozzoJ/pathonet_compression/blob/284d503da1bb7fe6cae6bf5247c94ed05422a9d2/pathonet_compressed_k256.py#L55) or [60](https://github.com/GliozzoJ/pathonet_compression/blob/284d503da1bb7fe6cae6bf5247c94ed05422a9d2/pathonet_compressed_k256.py#L60) to reproduce the experiment using another compression approach.
	You can run the script in background with the following command:
	
	```
	nohup python3 pathonet_compressed_k256.py > output.log &
	```

	which saves the results in the folder `./pathonet_compressed_models/results` and a text log file in the current working directory. In particular, the script saves:
	- the quantized model (using three different saving methods); 
	- a csv file with the hyper-parameters used to obtain the quantized model and the Precision, Recall and F1-score for Ki67 and TIL (divided in Ki67-positive and Ki67-negative),
	- a pickle file which content is identical to the previous one;
	- two .npz objects containing the MSE (Mean Squared Error) values obtained before quantization, after quantization and after the re-training phase of the best model (one .npz file for the training set and one for the test set).
	
	Of note, this script can be used to perform experiments with other hyper-parameter choices by changing the values in dictionary "exps" at [line 46](https://github.com/GliozzoJ/pathonet_compression/blob/284d503da1bb7fe6cae6bf5247c94ed05422a9d2/pathonet_compressed_k256.py#L46) with different ones.
	
2. **run_rmse_acc.py**

	This function computes a series of patient-level metrics (i.e. RMSE, Ki67 cut-off accuracy and TIL cut-off accuracy) on a PathoNet model given in input. By default the metrics are computed on the original PathoNet network and on the quantized networks we provide in the folder `./pathonet_compression/pathonet_compressed_models/experiments/`. You can run the script typing:
	
	```
	python3 run_rmse_acc.py
	```
	
	The outputs are a csv and a pickle file containing the above-mentioned metrics for each tested model.
	Just change the quantized models in the list at [line 25](https://github.com/GliozzoJ/pathonet_compression/blob/289dcca28102db1a45dc9564923c18359ffd85ef/run_rmse_acc.py#L25) (putting them in `./pathonet_compression/pathonet_compressed_models/experiments/*new_model*`) to evaluate another quantized PathoNet network obtained with the function `compression.py` or the script `pathonet_compressed_k256.py`.

3. **time_space_eval_pathonet.py**

	Run this function to compute the space and time ratios for a given quantized network. Moreover, it computes the space on disk (MB) for the quantized and original PathoNet model.
	
	The following command shows the help of this function:
	
	```
	python3 time_space_eval_pathonet.py --help
	```
	
	Considering the quantized networks provided in this repository, you can run:
	
	```
	#CWS
	python3 time_space_eval_pathonet.py --compression CWS --net ./original_nets/PathoNet.hdf5 --testset ./SHIDC-B-Ki-67/Test --compr_weights ./pathonet_compressed_models/experiments/CWS_k256/0-0-0-256-0.0001-1e-05-5-75-147.1456.h5

	#PWS
	python3 time_space_eval_pathonet.py --compression PWS --net ./original_nets/PathoNet.hdf5 --testset ./SHIDC-B-Ki-67/Test --compr_weights ./pathonet_compressed_models/experiments/PWS_k256/0-0-0-256-0.0001-0.0001-5-75-159.29054.h5

	#ECSQ
	python3 time_space_eval_pathonet.py --compression ECSQ --net ./original_nets/PathoNet.hdf5 --testset ./SHIDC-B-Ki-67/Test --compr_weights ./pathonet_compressed_models/experiments/ECSQ_k256/0-0-0-256-0.0001-1e-05-5-75-152.7148.h5

	#UQ
	python3 time_space_eval_pathonet.py --compression UQ --net ./original_nets/PathoNet.hdf5 --testset ./SHIDC-B-Ki-67/Test --compr_weights ./pathonet_compressed_models/experiments/UQ_k256/0-0-0-249-0.0001-0.0001-5-75-146.19026.h5

	
	```

	The results are appended in a text file called `time_space_patho.txt`, which is automatically created at first call of the function.



4. We also provide a Jupyter notebook `Run_PathoNet_iMap.ipynb` showing how to compute the compression and time ratio for a given quantized network. Moreover, it shows how to create a compressed PathoNet model using the IndexMap method and how to load it.


### References

[1] Negahbani, F., Sabzi, R., Pakniyat Jahromi, B. et al. PathoNet introduced as a deep neural network backend for evaluation of Ki-67 and tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes in breast cancer. Sci Rep 11, 8489 (2021). https://doi.org/10.1038/s41598-021-86912-w

[2] Marinò, Giosuè Cataldo, et al. "Compression strategies and space-conscious representations for deep neural networks." 2020 25th International Conference on Pattern Recognition (ICPR). IEEE, 2021.

[3] Gliozzo, Jessica et al. "Compressing Deep Learning Models for Medical Applications in Resource-limited Contexts: A Use Case", Computers in Biology and Medicine (2022) [**submitted**].

[4] Marinò, Giosuè Cataldo, et al. "Compact representations of convolutional neural networks via weight pruning and quantization." arXiv preprint arXiv:2108.12704 (2021).

Commit message:

Added section to compress a generic pre-trained model

README.md, after:

# Reducing the Complexity of Deep Learning Models for Medical Applications in Resource-limited Contexts: A Use Case


This repository contains the code to:

- Compress the deep neural network PathoNet [1] using different quantization strategies (i.e. CWS, PWS, UQ, ECSQ) [2];

- Reproduce the experiments comparing the original PathoNet model with our compressed models, which are described in detail in a paper submitted to the journal "Computers in Biology and Medicine" [3];

- A Jupyter notebook showing (I) how to create and load compressed models using the "Index Map"  method [4] and (II) how to compute the compression ratios and time ratios for a given quantized network.


Moreover, we provide our best compressed PathoNet models using *k*=256 which can be exploited by an interested user having limited computational resources available.

## Getting started

### Requirements and installation

* Install `python3`, `python3-pip` and `python3-venv`.
* Make sure that `python --version` starts by 3 or execute `alias python='python3'` in the shell.
* Create a virtual environment and activate it: 

  ```
  python3 -m venv /path/to/new/virtual/environment
  source /path/to/new/virtual/environment/bin/activate
  ```

  If you want to activate the environment easily, you can add a permanent 
  alias to your `.bashrc`:
  
  ```
  # open file .bashrc
  gedit ~/.bashrc
  ```

  Add the alias `alias patho="source /path/to/new/virtual/environment/bin/activate"` at the end of the file to be able to activate the environment by simply typing `patho`.
  
* Activate the environment typing `patho`.

* Install the [package sHAM](https://github.com/AnacletoLAB/sHAM), which contains the implementation of the considered quantization strategies:

  ```
  git clone https://github.com/AnacletoLAB/sHAM.git
  cd sHAM
  pip install ./sHAM_package
  ```

* With the environment active, clone this repository in the folder ``./sHAM/experiments/performance_eval`` inside the sHAM package and install the required depedencies:

  ```
  cd ./experiments/performance_eval
  git clone https://github.com/GliozzoJ/pathonet_compression.git
  cd pathonet_compression
  pip3 install -r ./requirements.txt
  ```

  The set of suggested dependencies, and in general all the code, have been tested with Python 3.6.8 on Ubuntu 18.10 (Cosmic Cuttlefish) OS.


### Dataset

The dataset SHIDC-B-Ki-67-V1.0 can be requested to the authors of PathoNet [here](https://shiraz-hidc.com/service/ki-67-dataset/).

Once you have the dataset, please copy its content in the folder `SHIDC-B-Ki-67`. The content of this folder should look like this:

```
ls ./SHIDC-B-Ki-67/
notes.txt
Test
Train
```

### PathoNet pre-trained model (not compressed)

The PathoNet pre-trained model (not compressed) is available in the folder `original_nets` or it can be downloaded from the original [PathoNet github repository](https://github.com/SHIDCenter/PathoNet/blob/master/README.md#pretrained-models) using this [Google Drive link](https://drive.google.com/file/d/13M6WpBsY_XtIKev_A6EK_Cj2LuBySM3K/view). In the latter case, please copy the downloaded model in the folder `original_nets`.


### Quantized PathoNet models (*k*=256)

In the folder `./pathonet_compressed_models/experiments/`, we provide our PathoNet quantized models using a number of representatives equal to 256, which showed good perfomance in terms of generalization metrics, compression and time ratios (see paper [3] for further details).


## Code usage

### Create the validation set

Run the following command to create the validation set used in our experiments by randomly selecting 20% of the labeled images from the training data available in the SHIDC-B-Ki-76 (version 1.0) dataset:

```
python3 split_train_val.py --inputPath ./SHIDC-B-Ki-67 --outputPath ./preprocessed_data
```

The newly created training and validation sets are saved in the folder `./preprocessed_data`. 

### Data preprocessing

To run the data preprocessing which performs data augmentation on the training set and the density maps (Gaussian labels) for training, validation and test data, call:

```
mkdir ./preprocessed_data/Train
python3 ./PathoNet/preprocessing.py -i ./preprocessed_data/train_split -o ./preprocessed_data/Train -a True

mkdir ./preprocessed_data/Val
python3 ./PathoNet/preprocessing.py -i ./preprocessed_data/val_split -o ./preprocessed_data/Val -a False

mkdir ./preprocessed_data/Test
python3 ./PathoNet/preprocessing.py -i ./SHIDC-B-Ki-67/Test -o ./preprocessed_data/Test -a False
```

### Run quantization on PathoNet pre-trained model

The function `compression.py` performs the quantization and retraining of the PathoNet pre-trained model given as input. To show the help for the function:

```
python3 compression.py --help
``` 


Following some examples performing the quantization of PathoNet using different approaches (i.e. CWS, PWS, UQ and ECSQ):

```
# CWS
python3 compression.py --compression uCWS --net ./original_nets/PathoNet.hdf5 --data_path ./preprocessed_data --output_path ./pathonet_compressed_models/results --minibatch 8 --clustercnn 256 

# PWS
python3 compression.py --compression uPWS --net ./original_nets/PathoNet.hdf5 --data_path ./preprocessed_data --output_path ./pathonet_compressed_models/results --minibatch 8 --clustercnn 256

# UQ
python3 compression.py --compression uUQ --net ./original_nets/PathoNet.hdf5 --data_path ./preprocessed_data --output_path ./pathonet_compressed_models/results --minibatch 8 --clustercnn 256

# ECSQ
python3 compression.py --compression uECSQ --net ./original_nets/PathoNet.hdf5 --data_path ./preprocessed_data --output_path ./pathonet_compressed_models/results --minibatch 8 --clustercnn 256

```

### Reproduce our results 

To reproduce our results we provide the following scripts/functions:


1. **pathonet_compressed_k256.py**

	This script performs the quantization of the PathoNet model using the hyper-parameters set at [line 46](https://github.com/GliozzoJ/pathonet_compression/blob/284d503da1bb7fe6cae6bf5247c94ed05422a9d2/pathonet_compressed_k256.py#L46). We used this script to quantize a model with *k=256* and the best hyper-parameters previously obtained by grid search. By default, the hyper-parameters used in the experiment with quantization method UQ are set, but you can uncomment lines [50](https://github.com/GliozzoJ/pathonet_compression/blob/284d503da1bb7fe6cae6bf5247c94ed05422a9d2/pathonet_compressed_k256.py#L50), [55](https://github.com/GliozzoJ/pathonet_compression/blob/284d503da1bb7fe6cae6bf5247c94ed05422a9d2/pathonet_compressed_k256.py#L55) or [60](https://github.com/GliozzoJ/pathonet_compression/blob/284d503da1bb7fe6cae6bf5247c94ed05422a9d2/pathonet_compressed_k256.py#L60) to reproduce the experiment using another compression approach.
	You can run the script in background with the following command:
	
	```
	nohup python3 pathonet_compressed_k256.py > output.log &
	```

	which saves the results in the folder `./pathonet_compressed_models/results` and a text log file in the current working directory. In particular, the script saves:
	- the quantized model (using three different saving methods); 
	- a csv file with the hyper-parameters used to obtain the quantized model and the Precision, Recall and F1-score for Ki67 and TIL (divided in Ki67-positive and Ki67-negative),
	- a pickle file which content is identical to the previous one;
	- two .npz objects containing the MSE (Mean Squared Error) values obtained before quantization, after quantization and after the re-training phase of the best model (one .npz file for the training set and one for the test set).
	
	Of note, this script can be used to perform experiments with other hyper-parameter choices by changing the values in dictionary "exps" at [line 46](https://github.com/GliozzoJ/pathonet_compression/blob/284d503da1bb7fe6cae6bf5247c94ed05422a9d2/pathonet_compressed_k256.py#L46) with different ones.
	
2. **run_rmse_acc.py**

	This function computes a series of patient-level metrics (i.e. RMSE, Ki67 cut-off accuracy and TIL cut-off accuracy) on a PathoNet model given in input. By default the metrics are computed on the original PathoNet network and on the quantized networks we provide in the folder `./pathonet_compression/pathonet_compressed_models/experiments/`. You can run the script typing:
	
	```
	python3 run_rmse_acc.py
	```
	
	The outputs are a csv and a pickle file containing the above-mentioned metrics for each tested model.
	Just change the quantized models in the list at [line 25](https://github.com/GliozzoJ/pathonet_compression/blob/289dcca28102db1a45dc9564923c18359ffd85ef/run_rmse_acc.py#L25) (putting them in `./pathonet_compression/pathonet_compressed_models/experiments/*new_model*`) to evaluate another quantized PathoNet network obtained with the function `compression.py` or the script `pathonet_compressed_k256.py`.

3. **time_space_eval_pathonet.py**

	Run this function to compute the space and time ratios for a given quantized network. Moreover, it computes the space on disk (MB) for the quantized and original PathoNet model.
	
	The following command shows the help of this function:
	
	```
	python3 time_space_eval_pathonet.py --help
	```
	
	Considering the quantized networks provided in this repository, you can run:
	
	```
	#CWS
	python3 time_space_eval_pathonet.py --compression CWS --net ./original_nets/PathoNet.hdf5 --testset ./SHIDC-B-Ki-67/Test --compr_weights ./pathonet_compressed_models/experiments/CWS_k256/0-0-0-256-0.0001-1e-05-5-75-147.1456.h5

	#PWS
	python3 time_space_eval_pathonet.py --compression PWS --net ./original_nets/PathoNet.hdf5 --testset ./SHIDC-B-Ki-67/Test --compr_weights ./pathonet_compressed_models/experiments/PWS_k256/0-0-0-256-0.0001-0.0001-5-75-159.29054.h5

	#ECSQ
	python3 time_space_eval_pathonet.py --compression ECSQ --net ./original_nets/PathoNet.hdf5 --testset ./SHIDC-B-Ki-67/Test --compr_weights ./pathonet_compressed_models/experiments/ECSQ_k256/0-0-0-256-0.0001-1e-05-5-75-152.7148.h5

	#UQ
	python3 time_space_eval_pathonet.py --compression UQ --net ./original_nets/PathoNet.hdf5 --testset ./SHIDC-B-Ki-67/Test --compr_weights ./pathonet_compressed_models/experiments/UQ_k256/0-0-0-249-0.0001-0.0001-5-75-146.19026.h5

	
	```

	The results are appended in a text file called `time_space_patho.txt`, which is automatically created at first call of the function.



4. We also provide a Jupyter notebook `Run_PathoNet_iMap.ipynb` showing how to compute the compression and time ratio for a given quantized network. Moreover, it shows how to create a compressed PathoNet model using the IndexMap method and how to load it.

### Compression on a different model and/or dataset

As a matter of fact, the compression strategy we adopted in the use case presented in this repository can be applied to any pre-trained model having convolutional layers and/or dense layers.
An interested user can run the compression framework on an hypothetical network called ``mynet.hdf5`` following this steps:

1. The considered model has to be trained and saved using TensorFlow tf.keras.model.save('mynet.h5') 
2. You need to add a new function to the script ``datasets.py`` able to give as output (a) an object ``tf.data.Dataset`` related to the training set and (b) a series of numpy arrays for training, validation and test set (i.e.  x_train, y_train, x_val, y_val, x_test, y_test)
3. Import your new function in the script ``compression.py`` changing [line 9](https://github.com/GliozzoJ/pathonet_compression/blob/565f6a04c9fa2ae3911f469ab885fefa65ca5841/compression.py#L9) as below:

	```
	from datasets import <new_function_name>
	```

	Moreover, change [lines 60](https://github.com/GliozzoJ/pathonet_compression/blob/565f6a04c9fa2ae3911f469ab885fefa65ca5841/compression.py#L60) and [67](https://github.com/GliozzoJ/pathonet_compression/blob/565f6a04c9fa2ae3911f469ab885fefa65ca5841/compression.py#L67) substituting ``SHIDC_B_Ki67`` with your ``new_function_name``.
4. Changing [line 80](https://github.com/GliozzoJ/pathonet_compression/blob/565f6a04c9fa2ae3911f469ab885fefa65ca5841/compression.py#L80), [117](https://github.com/GliozzoJ/pathonet_compression/blob/565f6a04c9fa2ae3911f469ab885fefa65ca5841/compression.py#L117) and [118](https://github.com/GliozzoJ/pathonet_compression/blob/565f6a04c9fa2ae3911f469ab885fefa65ca5841/compression.py#L118) it is possible to chose appropriate optimizer, loss and metric for your problem. As a note, for optimization we noticed better performance when using the same optimizer as the model you want to compress with a slightly lower learning rate, as happens with tranfer learning.
5. As an example, run the compression with UQ quantization on an network `mynet.hdf5` having both dense and convolutional layers on a dataset in a folder called ``mydata``:

	```
	python3 compression.py --compression uUQ --net ./original_nets/mynet.hdf5 --data_path ./mydata --output_path ./compressed_models/results --minibatch 8 --clusterfc 256 --clustercnn 128
	```

	the argument ``--clusterfc`` is the number of groups _k_ for fully-connected layers while ``--clustercnn`` is the number of groups _k_ used to compress convolutional layers. The command ``python3 compression.py --help`` shows the help for the considered function.
	



### References

[1] Negahbani, F., Sabzi, R., Pakniyat Jahromi, B. et al. PathoNet introduced as a deep neural network backend for evaluation of Ki-67 and tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes in breast cancer. Sci Rep 11, 8489 (2021). https://doi.org/10.1038/s41598-021-86912-w

[2] Marinò, Giosuè Cataldo, et al. "Compression strategies and space-conscious representations for deep neural networks." 2020 25th International Conference on Pattern Recognition (ICPR). IEEE, 2021.

[3] Gliozzo, Jessica et al. "Compressing Deep Learning Models for Medical Applications in Resource-limited Contexts: A Use Case", Computers in Biology and Medicine (2022) [**submitted**].

[4] Marinò, Giosuè Cataldo, et al. "Compact representations of convolutional neural networks via weight pruning and quantization." arXiv preprint arXiv:2108.12704 (2021).
